#Floofwars

##Starting the game	

The field is set up.	

- Hero card is set in the center	

- The battle deck and resource deck are placed next to each other, at 
the bottom right of the field.	


A dice is rolled.	

- Players may choose odds/evens to see who goes first.	

- Highest / lowest roll maybe used for multiple players.	


Cards are drawn	

- Players each draw 5 cards	


##The first turn	

- The starting player first draws a card from his battle deck.	

- The player draws a card from his resource deck and places it face up 
in the resource row.	

- The turn is played	


##Playing the game	

At the start of your turn, you ready all resources and floofs (unless 
another card or effect prevents you doing so)	

Draw the top card of your battle deck and place it in your hand. You may 
have no more than 7 cards in your hand when your turn ends.	

Draw the top card of your resource deck and place it face up and ready 
in the resource row.	

Now you have the option to use your hero's "Start of turn" pay abillity. 
You must use this ability, if you choose to do so, before you put any 
other card into play this turn.	

Summon a floof or play a field/ability card. The cost to play the card 
is indicated on the top right of the card.	

If a floof has been summoned, it enters the playing field exhausted and 
can only attack on your next turn (Floofs with the "Caffeinate" ability 
enter the field ready and can attack immediately.)	

Floofs may not use their pay abilities during their first turn, 
caffeinated or not.	


##Battle	

A floof can choose to attack the hero or another floof.	

An attack cannot be blocked by another floof, unless the defending floof 
has the "Guardian" ability. Guardian allows an attack to be targetted at 
the floof with this ability, instead of damaging the original target.	

When a floof succesfully attacks, put it in the exhausted position.	

If the attacking floof's Rar (attack) is higher than the defending 
floof's Oof (HP), the defending floof is destroyed. Before the defending 
floof is destroyed, it strikes back at the attacking floof.	

So a 2/2 creature attacking a 2/3 creature:	

The attacking creature hits the defending creature for 2 HP, leaving it 
with 1. The defending creature hits the attacking creature for 2, 
destroying it.	

A 2/2 creature attacking a 1/1 creature:	

The attacking creature hits the defending creature for 2, leaving no XP. 
Before the floof is destroyed, the defending creature hits the attacker 
for 1. The attacking creature is left with 1 HP and the defender is 
destroyed.	

A 1/1 creature attacking a 1/1 creature	

The attacking creature hits the defending creature for 1, leaving no HP. 
Before the floof is destroyed, the defending creature hits the attacker 
for 1. Both floofs are destroyed.	


After battling your turn ends, if you have more than 7 cards in your 
hand you will have to discard, only 7 may be in your hand when your 
turn ends.